             Eservices - Exiled.Net IRC Services
            -------------------------------------

Eservices requirements:
-----------------------

* MySQL 3.23 or newer, or MySQL 4.x
  It may work on older versions as well it hasn't been tested.
  You can get MySQL from: http://www.mysql.com/downloads/index.html
* SHA1 (via OpenSSL)
  This is optional, but recommended. Is used for storing password
  instead of crypt(), if the openssl development package is available
  on your system (the include files and libraries).
* It supports only the Undernet P10 protocol. 

Installation:
-------------

1) From the root directory type: ./configure

2) Edit include/setup.h for your needs. The only thing that you normally
   need to change is the NETWORK_NAME.

3) From the root directory type: make
   Eservices are not built, and this might take a little while depending
   on your machine. The binary is then copied to the root directory.

4) Next step is to ready the MySQL database for the Eservices. First thing
   you want to do is to create a new MySQL user and a database. Login as
   the new user and switch to the database you just created.
   Edit dbase-structure and change the admin info so it fits your description.
   NOTE: if you are running the mySQL server on a system without crypt(), such
         as Windows, change the line in dbase-structure to contain the encrypted
        version of the password, since encrypt() will fail on such systems. 
   Now type: source dbase-structure 
   Make sure you are in the root directory when you do this, otherwise
   supply full path to source.

5) Copy services.conf-dist to services.conf and edit services.conf so it 
   fits your setup.

6) Suppose your ircd is configured you are now ready to run the services.
   Type ./services in the root directory. If everthing was configured
   correctly you should now be able to login to the account you specified
   in dbase-structure.
   NOTE: to access the operserv, you have to /oper on the server you're
         connected to, auth to nickserv, and /msg nickserv set oper on

NOTE: If you've fetched the source via CVS, you can autogenerate a configure
script using 'autoconf' >= v2.5.

Installation difficulties:
--------------------------

You may encounter some difficulties installing the services. If you 
need help or have questions, you're more than welcome to contact us 
via coding@lists.exiled.net. 

Enjoy,

Exiled.Net <http://www.exiled.net>
